The only explanation I've found is that it's opposite the embryonic pedicle,
and that's when I get this wave.
And so there's an enormous mitotic aspiration force
that suddenly creates this axis on the median lines.
And so it's going to suck, and then you have this rather extraordinary wave,
where we'll find a point right in the middle here,
like this
compared to this one, you see
with a point here
it's described
as the point
zero
the point
where there's the least movement
and if we look over time
it's a section of my embryo
at the upper part
you see, which is actually a section
already a little later
we already see the appearance of
cartilaginous condensations
and we see that the tip of the notochord
and what will be drawn?
it's the tip of the notochord
that is to say, it corresponds to this point here
you see?
or it corresponds to this point here
or it corresponds
not yet here
we know it will be roughly there
right in the middle at the beginning
Because at the beginning, the skull represents almost two
thirds of the embryo at this stage.
I didn't say that the tip of our notochord is the base of the skull.
No, it's the space that will allow the emergence around which it will be built.
Like when I talk about Hensen's node, I didn't say that Hensen's node is the sacrum.
No, it's the point...
around which my future sacrum will develop.
And that shows us that not only does it not make
two separate pieces,
but it's a movement,
so it's truly a functional unit.
It's like I'm going to take the sacrum in my hand,
you see,
and I have the sacrum,
and it's like I had a laser beam,
and I have to reconnect it
with my sphere.
or to my base of the skull, I have to be on it, you understand the image a little, I have to find it again,
I have to find it again,
and if you have it, something will happen that you will feel, I hope.